m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m  
m p x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x m  
m x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x m  
m x m m m x m x x x x x x m x x x x x x x x x m x x x x x x x x x x b b b b b m  
m x x m x x m x x x x x x m x x x x x m x x b m x x x x x x x x x m m m m m b m  
m x b m x x m x x x x x x m x x x x x m x b b m b x x x x x x x x m x x x m b m  
m x b m x x m x x x x x x m x x m m m m m m b m b x x x x x x x x m x x x m b m  
m x b m x x m x x x x x x m x x b b b b b m b m b x x x x x x x x m x x x m b m  
m x b m x x m x x x x x x m x x x x x x b m x m m x x x x m x x x m x x x m b m  
m x b m b gd m m m m m m m m x x x x x x b m x b m x gd x x m x x x m x x x m b m  
m x b m x x x x b b b x x x x x x x x x b m x b m m x x b m x x x m x x x x x m  
m x b m x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x b m x b b m x x b m x x x m x x x x x m  
m x x m x x x x x x x x x x m m x x x x x m x x b m x x b m x x x m x x x x x m  
m x x m m m m m m m m s x x m m x m m x x m x x b m x x b m x x x m x x m b x m  
m x x m x x x x x x m x x x m x x x m x x x x x x x x x b m x x x m x x m b x m  
m x x x x x x b b x m x x x m x x x m x x x x x x x x x b m x x m m x x m b x m  
m x m x x x x b b x m x x x m x x x m x x m x x x x x x b m x x m x x x m b x m  
m x m x x x x b b x m x b x m m x x m m b m x x x m m m m m x x m x x x m b x m  
m x m x x x x x x x m x b x x m x x x m b m x x x x x x b m x x m x x x m b x m  
m x m x x gs x x x x m x b x x m x x x m b m x x x x x x b m x x m x x x m b x m  
m x m x m m m m x x m x b x x m x x x x b m x x x x x gs x x x x m x x x m b x m  
m x m x x x m x x x m x b x x m x x x x b m x x x x x x x x x x x x x x m b x m  
m x m x x x m x x x m x x x x m b b b b b m x m m m m m x x x b b b b b m x x m  
m x m x x x m x x x x x x x x m m m m m x m x m x x x x x x x m m m m m m x x m  
m x m m x x m x b x x x x x x x x x x x x m x m x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x m  
m x x x x x m x b x x x x x x x x x x x x m x m x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x m  
m x b b b x m x b x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x b b b m  
m x b b b x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x b b b m  
m x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x b b b m  
m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m m 